.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/onprem-request.md, before:

---
name: OnPremise Request Form
about: PI leading CIROH projects may use this form to request CIROH on-premise requests (Pantarhei or NSF ACCESS Allocations). Access is available to all consortium members and partners.
title: ''
labels: on-prem
assignees: ''

---


**1.	Requester Information:**
This should include the name and contact information of the person making the request.
- PI's Full Name:
- PI's Affiliated Institute:
- PI's Affiliated Email Address:

**2.	Project Information:** 
Provide CIROH project name associated with this research work along with a brief description of the project and its goals. This can help the infrastructure team understand the context and purpose of the requested resources. *Please highlight how this project will be benefit from and/or provide benefit to other resources on the shared infrastructure.*


**3.  Project Description:**
If your project involves developing software or scripts, briefly describe the software you plan to develop.

**4.	Resource Requirements:** 
Specify the compute, storage, and network resources needed for the project. Be as specific as possible about the number of resources required, and any specific configurations or capabilities needed. This information will help the infrastructure team determine the appropriate resources to allocate.

**Options:**
1. HPC or VM
  
2. vCPU

3. Memory

4. Disk Space

5. Pantarhei/NSF ACCESS Allocation (specify one)
- More info about Pantarhei: [CIROH Pantarhei Documentation](https://docs.ciroh.org/docs/services/on-prem/Pantarhei/)
- More info about NSF ACCESS: [ACCESS Resource Allocations](https://allocations.access-ci.org/resources)

**5. Working Group Detail**

Working Group 1/2/3/4 (select one): 

**6.	Timeline:** 
Indicate the expected timeline for the project and when the resources will be needed. This information can help the infrastructure team plan and allocate resources accordingly.
 


**7.	Security and Compliance Requirements:** 
If there are any specific security or compliance requirements for the project, these should be clearly stated in the request. This will help ensure that the necessary security measures are in place for the project.
 

 
**8.	Approval:** 
Indicate the necessary approval processes or sign-offs required for the request.

Commit message:

Updates to resource request forms (#338)
Updated title for Cloud Resources Request Form (filename unchanged)
Added fields for project start and end dates
Updated the lists of Google/AWS services to use checkboxes
Added comments throughout in hopes of improving the rate at which submitters fill out the entire form

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/onprem-request.md, after:

---
name: OnPremise Request Form
about: PI leading CIROH projects may use this form to request CIROH on-premise requests (Pantarhei or NSF ACCESS Allocations). Access is available to all consortium members and partners.
title: ''
labels: on-prem
assignees: ''

---


**1.	Requester Information:**
This should include the name and contact information of the person making the request.
- PI's Full Name: <!-- Respond here! -->
- PI's Affiliated Institute: <!-- Respond here! -->
- PI's Affiliated Email Address: <!-- Respond here! -->

**2.	Project Information:** 
Provide the CIROH project name associated with this research work along with a brief description of the project and its goals. This can help the infrastructure team understand the context and purpose of the requested resources. *Please highlight how this project will be benefit from and/or provide benefit to other resources on the shared infrastructure.*

<!-- Respond here! -->

**3.  Project Description:**
If your project involves developing software or scripts, briefly describe the software you plan to develop.

<!-- Respond here! -->

**4.	Resource Requirements:** 
Specify the compute, storage, and network resources needed for the project. Be as specific as possible about the number of resources required, and any specific configurations or capabilities needed. This information will help the infrastructure team determine the appropriate resources to allocate.

**Options:**
1. HPC or VM
<!-- Respond here! -->

2. vCPU
<!-- Respond here! -->

3. Memory
<!-- Respond here! -->

4. Disk Space
<!-- Respond here! -->

5. Pantarhei/NSF ACCESS Allocation (specify one)
> - More info about Pantarhei: [CIROH Pantarhei Documentation](https://docs.ciroh.org/docs/services/on-prem/Pantarhei/)
> - More info about NSF ACCESS: [ACCESS Resource Allocations](https://allocations.access-ci.org/resources)

<!-- Respond here! -->

**5. Working Group**

Working Group 1/2/3/4 (select one): <!-- Respond here! -->

**6.	Timeline** 

Project start date: <!-- Respond here! -->

Project end date: <!-- Respond here! -->

In addition, please indicate the expected timeline for the project and when the resources will be needed. This information can help the infrastructure team plan and allocate resources accordingly.

<!-- Respond here! -->

**7.	Security and Compliance Requirements:** 
If there are any specific security or compliance requirements for the project, please state them clearly below. This will help ensure that the necessary security measures are in place for the project.
 
<!-- Respond here! -->
 
**8.	Approval:** 
Indicate the necessary approval processes or sign-offs required for the request.

<!-- Respond here! -->
